well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so tonight we're gonna talk about
honor killings you don't know what one
of these is that's when a woman does
something that somehow disgraces the man
typically infidelity so he takes a club
beats her to death and then throws her
body in a well right now everybody's
thinking of Afghanistan or some other
place that ends in a stand
um that stories about Tanya Lane having
in Georgia ah happened to in Georgia
and the horrifying thing about that case
is that the Supreme Court of Georgia
gave him a retrial gave the murderer a
retrial on the grounds that the trial
judge did not allow enough testimony
about her alleged infidelity
now the murderer himself talked about it
in his testimony but other people
weren't allowed to come in and talk
about it what does that say what does
that really say it says that the Supreme
Court of Georgia believed that that
might altered the verdict make no
mistake the fact that he killed her was
not in dispute the fact that he dumped
her body was not a dispute just that it
might have been okay might have been
less of a crock because at some point in
the past she had slept with someone else
if that's not an honor killing I don't
know what is we don't call it that
though well we call it intimate partner
violence I think is that is the current
term and you may not think that this is
a big problem in the US but it is half
of all women who are killed in the u.s.
are killed by a current or former
intimate partner those numbers there in
the thousands I think 1,600 to 2,400
where the was the range each year that's
pretty significant and then the stats
for murder-suicide don't remember them
exactly but I want to say it's 80 to 90
percent
honor killings and it all stems from the
same idea that the property disobeyed
the owner it's what it is that is what
it is that's where it comes from
this is toxic masculinity a woman cheats
engages in infidelity as an affair the
response is not to leave it's not
divorce it's not counseling it's nothing
like that it's murder and state Supreme
Court's think that well maybe that would
alter the outcome of the jury that
information more of that information
we're not talking about somebody who
flies into a jealous rage catching their
wife in bed with another man we're
talking about something that happens
afterwards it's an honor killing
thinking that maybe using a sanitized
terminology for this isn't the right
thing to do we need to call it what it
is because this is toxic masculinity and
that's the problem
that's the problem the problem is that
that fragility that insecurity in
yourself is violent that's why this is
such an issue that's why this hyper
masculinity this false masculinity is
such a worry in modern society because
it breeds violence it breeds murder
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night